this season breakn reality details the
lives of some of the world's best break
dancers as they chase famous success but
also try to stay true to their roots
breaking also known as people is an
intense artful dance form that consists
of four elements
top rock footwork power moves and
freezes when combined is one of the
purest most raw dances known to man
some use the dance for expression I
truly live this as a culture and as a
life though some for money you can book
a job overnight that will make you so
much money you've never even seen that
many zeros some for fame for me it's
everything I want to get it done I want
to accomplish it I want to make history
and I want to go out on top but all for
the love once you started dancing its
encoded in your DNA you can't stop
follow along as for unique and
influential dancers pull back the
curtain to reveal the culture of breakin
and the business behind it
kid David after making his name in the
competitive world
he's now in Hollywood finding commercial
success I'm proud of the fact that I've
been able to stay relevant in the b-boy
scene and make my mark in the Hollywood
scene but with all his success he's a
man on a mission to win his first world
title and solidify his place in b-boy
history
roxrite the b-boy legend and reigning
world champion physically immensely
prepares to defend his title at the BC
One in real waning this would be just as
big if not bigger than winning it the
first time because nobody's done it know
what he's done it back to back adding to
the pressure he's planning to take his
relationship with longtime girlfriend
Marta soil to the next level but will he
be able to balance training while also
preparing for the most important moment
of his life the pressure is on just
skills a french-algerian B girl trying
to bring back the essence of b-boying to
the streets of LA created a new event
where it's not about competition is only
about dance
the reason we're sorry psych for addicts
in LA was because I felt like this you
needed it while bouncing back from major
surgery and trying to get it to dance
shake once again Jes skills pushes her
boundaries but how far is she willing to
go to maintain her reputation you know
right now
yeah I guess like I want to quit Ronny
winner of America's Best Dance Crew and
current member of the hit Vegas show
Jabbawockeez revels in his success the
Jabbawockeez show is one of the newer
shows and one of the hottest shows on
the Las Vegas Strip at the World Finals
in Rio rather than competing again he
performs a showcase with his crew but he
soon realizes that he needs to go back
into the site for himself next year is
gonna be Redwood BC once 10th year
anniversary and like I haven't competed
in so long I'd love to go back all of
this and more will collide at the World
Finals in Seoul Korea as they celebrate
their 10 year anniversary with the
biggest and most fierce battle ever
fought
four of the world's best pursue their
passion to fight for what they love most
I'd rather live my life knowing that I
tried rather than sitting back and
watching breaking reality making a
living and keeping it real